com/nikpappas/sketch/modular/PatcherModule.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.modular.PatcherModule
com/nikpappas/sketch/gol/CombiAnaliser.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.CombiAnaliser
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.State
com/nikpappas/sketch/RoomNightBlur.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.RoomNightBlur
com/nikpappas/sketch/ImagesXmasTree.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.ImagesXmasTree
com/nikpappas/processing/math/Distances.java
 com.nikpappas.processing.math.Distances
com/nikpappas/sketch/robotics/Element.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.robotics.Element
com/nikpappas/sketch/modular/PatcherUI.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.modular.PatcherUI
com/nikpappas/sketch/music/MusicPlane.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.music.MusicPlane
com/nikpappas/sketch/fractal/Mandelbrot.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.fractal.Mandelbrot
com/nikpappas/sketch/ChessVisualiser.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.ChessVisualiser
com/nikpappas/sketch/gol/GameOfLife3D.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.GameOfLife3D
com/nikpappas/sketch/XmasTree.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.XmasTree
com/nikpappas/sketch/chess/ChessPiece.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.chess.ChessPiece
com/nikpappas/processing/benchmark/Timing.java
 com.nikpappas.processing.benchmark.Timing
com/nikpappas/sketch/gol/ConwaysCube.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.ConwaysCube
com/nikpappas/sketch/music/Beats2Hoops.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.music.Beats2Hoops
com/nikpappas/sketch/modular/PatcherConnection.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.modular.PatcherConnection
com/nikpappas/sketch/RandomXmasTree.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.RandomXmasTree
com/nikpappas/sketch/shapes3d/Spiral.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.Spiral
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.Spiral$Particle
com/nikpappas/processing/random/RandomPicker.java
 com.nikpappas.processing.random.RandomPicker
com/nikpappas/sketch/DataVisualiserMap.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.DataVisualiserMap
com/nikpappas/sketch/gol/GolInitialPositionCalc.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.GolInitialPositionCalc
com/nikpappas/sketch/shapes3d/Sphere.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.Sphere
com/nikpappas/sketch/shapes3d/SpiralSlow.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.SpiralSlow
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.SpiralSlow$Particle
 com.nikpappas.sketch.shapes3d.SpiralSlow$ParticleAdder
com/nikpappas/sketch/robotics/LegAnimation.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.robotics.LegAnimation
com/nikpappas/sketch/gol/GameOfLife.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.gol.GameOfLife
com/nikpappas/processing/math/Util.java
 com.nikpappas.processing.math.Util
com/nikpappas/sketch/fractal/KochSnowflake.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.fractal.KochSnowflake
com/nikpappas/sketch/robotics/Node.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.robotics.Node
com/nikpappas/sketch/animals/Squirrel.java
 com.nikpappas.sketch.animals.Squirrel
